README.md, before:

## Running the Telegram Bot

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- Required packages: `python-telegram-bot`, `python-dotenv`

### Setup
1. Install the required packages:
```bash
pip install python-telebot python-dotenv
```

2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your bot token:
```
INDICARE_BOT_TOKEN=your_bot_token_here
```

3. Configure allowed users by updating the `allowed_user_ids` list in `src/indicare.py` with the appropriate Telegram usernames or phone numbers.

### Running the Bot
1. Navigate to the project directory
2. Run the bot:
```bash
python src/indicare.py
```

The bot will start and respond to messages from authorized users. It will:
- Respond to `/start` or `/hello` commands with a welcome message
- Format any text messages with Indicare's contact information
- Only respond to authorized users listed in the `allowed_user_ids`

### Features
- Message formatting for Indicare's promotional content
- User authorization system
- Logging system for tracking bot usage
- Markdown support for formatted messages

Commit message:

Add a cloudflare webhook code and manual for deploying it.

README.md, after:

## Running the Telegram Bot

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- Required packages: `python-telegram-bot`, `python-dotenv`

### Setup
1. Install the required packages:
```bash
pip install python-telebot python-dotenv
```

2. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your bot token:
```
INDICARE_BOT_TOKEN=your_bot_token_here
```

3. Configure allowed users by updating the `allowed_user_ids` list in `src/indicare.py` with the appropriate Telegram usernames or phone numbers.

### Running the Bot
1. Navigate to the project directory
2. Run the bot:
```bash
python src/indicare.py
```

The bot will start and respond to messages from authorized users. It will:
- Respond to `/start` or `/hello` commands with a welcome message
- Format any text messages with Indicare's contact information
- Only respond to authorized users listed in the `allowed_user_ids`

### [Deploy](https://blog.devops.dev/free-hosting-for-your-telegram-bot-its-easier-than-you-think-66a5e5c000bb) using Cloudflare webhook/worker:
- Go to dash.cloudflare.com and log in/sign up.
- On the left menu, navigate to Workers & Pages.
- If you are deployinig it for the first time, press the “Create application” button -> “Create Worker”. Give it a name and click "Deploy".
- If it already is deployed, click the worker name.
- Now press the “Edit code” button to customize update it.
- ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES: Press “Add variable” and set the variable name as in the code we used “API_KEY” and the value is the token of your Telegram bot from BotFather. Check .env.example file for referance.
- Save and deploy.


### Features
- Message formatting for Indicare's promotional content
- User authorization system
- Logging system for tracking bot usage
- Markdown support for formatted messages
